hi everyone I'm Helen welcome to Helens
Haven what we're going to show you today
is our cryo stem-cell therapy what this
is going to do it's going to tighten and
firm the skin the stem cells are bovine
stem cells they come frozen to us and
what we're going to do is this is our
plain Krispies we're going to have her
hold those frozen stem cells and that's
going to be enough time just as I
cleanse her skin to defrost those cells
so as I'm cleansing her right now what
I'm going to do is I'm just going to
talk to you a little bit about the stem
cell therapy these cells are from bovine
that are raised in France and what that
means is that they are cow cells and as
a lot of you probably know we use pig
valves for heart surgery and all kinds
of animal stuff and the bovine cells are
the closest to human cells but when
these are extracted what they do is
basically it's like an amniocentesis for
the cow it's taking that very early
stages of pregnancy so those cells that
are extracted do not have the bovine DNA
yet so it's taken before that even
develops so they're very baby infant
infant cells and then they're
flash-frozen and they go through a
process and they get put in these vials
and they get shipped to us so what we do
with them is we apply them topically to
the skin any time that you're going to
add those to the skin what you're going
to do is increase the tissue of that
skin so everything is going to work
better work faster the other thing
that's going to happen is it's also been
proven that you're more mature cells are
going to actually increase their
activity because it's kind of like think
about it if you have a room full of
people and it's just a really boring
meeting and then you have somebody young
with a lot of excitement that comes in
and it increases the energy of the whole
room that's what it's doing you're
introducing these young exciting cells
into the skin and you're increasing that
tissue everything is working better so
what we're doing now is we're
send in for your cleanser and we're
doing this prep and then we'll show you
the actual self there's no pain to this
it just it actually has a pretty quick
treatment there's no pain there is very
relaxing a lot of our clients just take
a little nap
pick up snooze while we're doing this so
what we've done so far is go ahead and
press crispy-skinned for the stem cell
application so we cleanse her we've
scrubbed her everything's clean and
fresh these are the actual stem cells
this is the viola stem cells and what we
do is simply tap these and what you want
to do with stem cells as much as
possible if you want to pass them in not
a whole lot of rubbing remember these
are very infantile cells there's they're
very delicate so you don't want to do a
whole lot of rubbing a whole lot of
scrubbing afterwards or for the day of
the treatment also the more that you do
to them and the more that you touch your
face you're going to actually disturb
those cells and break those little
membranes and they can't reproduce and
we don't want to have a bunch of just
new dead cells that makes no sense right
so we want to be gentle with the skin
and tap as much as comfortable
now
so I'm done with half of Christy's face
and we sat her up so you can see the
difference if you notice inside here how
much firmer one is her cheekbones
actually look different
and the nasolabial folds this one is
much fuller and up more than this one is
and actually even around the eyes this
eye sorry Christy but more tired than
this one sorry but you still look good
don't worry and we are going to do the
other half so don't worry but I wanted
to show you what it's like even after
just one treatment now normally what we
recommend is one treatment a week for
six weeks after that then there is home
care and the home care is obviously not
as strong as with a professional list
but I wanted to show you that also this
is a home care frozen cryo stick so this
is it looks like a little mini the other
incident thank you and you just push
that up those are the self rub onto the
skin Pat it around and you're just good
to go you will feel the tightening and
firming effect so that's what we wanted
to show you today I'm going to lay
Christy back down if we're going to do
the other side of her face we hope that
you have a great day we hope you enjoyed
watching this be blessed and we'll talk
to you
you